README.md, before:

# Rust Learn

A repo to learn rust.

<br/>

## Learning Resource

Learn Rust with book：

-   [《Rust 程序设计语言（第二版） 简体中文版》](https://www.bookstack.cn/books/trpl-zh-cn)；

Gitbook Url：

-   https://www.gitbook.com/book/kaisery/trpl-zh-cn/details

<br/>

## Create Project

Use Cargo to create a project:

```bash
cargo new hello_rust --bin
```

build:

```bash
cd hello_rust && cargo build --release
```

run:

```bash
./target/release/hello_rust
Hello, world!
```

>   Or just run program with:
>
>   ```bash
>   cargo run
>   ```

<br/>

## Now Finished

| Project                                                      | Date       | Note                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [chapter2-guessing-game](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter2-guessing-game) | 2021-06-01 | A guessing game                                              |
| [chapter3-variables](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter3-variables) | 2021-06-02 | Variable & Type in Rust                                      |
| [multiple-main-demo](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/multiple-main-demo) | 2021-06-02 | A demo to show how to run multiple main in Rust              |
| [chapter4-function](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter4-function) | 2021-06-02 | Function in Rust                                             |
| [chapter5-control-flow](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter5-control-flow) | 2021-06-02 | Control flow(if/loop/while/for) in Rust                      |
| [chapter6-ownership](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter6-ownership) | 2021-06-03 | Ownership(also string/slice) in Rust                         |
| [chapter7-struct](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter7-struct) | 2021-06-04 | Struct in Rust                                               |
| [chapter8-enum-and-match](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter8-enum-and-match) | 2021-06-07 | Enum & Match in Rust                                         |
| [chapter9-modules](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter9-modules) | 2021-06-07 | Modules(mod/pub/use/super) in Rust                           |
| [chapter10-collections](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter10-collections) | 2021-06-09 | Vector & String & Map in Rust                                |
| [chapter11-error-handling](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter11-error-handling) | 2021-06-09 | Error handling in Rust (Panic! & Result)                     |
| [chapter12-generic-trait-lifetime](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter12-generic-trait-lifetime) | 2021-06-10 | Generic & Trait & Lifetime in Rust                           |
| [chapter13-testing](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter13-testing) | 2021-06-12 | Testing(Write, Run & Organize) in Rust                       |
| [chapter14-io-project-grep](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter14-io-project-grep) | 2021-06-13 | A io project: `mini-grep` written in rust.                   |
| [chapter15-functional-features](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter15-functional-features) | 2021-06-14 | Functional features(Closure & Iterator) in rust.             |
| [chapter16-cargo](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter16-cargo) | 2021-06-15 | Cargo(Config, Publish, Install & Extend) & Workspace in rust. |
| [chapter17-smart-pointer](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter17-smart-pointer) | 2021-09-29 | Smart Pointer in Rust.                                       |
|                                                              |            |                                                              |

<br/>

## More Info

-   https://rust.cc/
-   https://wiki.rust-china.org/

Commit message:

feat: update main branch structure

README.md, after:

# Rust Learn

A repo to learn rust.

This main branch is a standard template for new rust project! 

<br/>

## Learning Resource

Learn Rust with book：

-   [《Rust 程序设计语言（第二版） 简体中文版》](https://www.bookstack.cn/books/trpl-zh-cn)；

Gitbook Url：

-   https://www.gitbook.com/book/kaisery/trpl-zh-cn/details

<br/>

## Create Project

Use Cargo to create a project:

```bash
cargo new hello_rust --bin
```

build:

```bash
cd hello_rust && cargo build --release
```

run:

```bash
./target/release/hello_rust
Hello, world!
```

>   Or just run program with:
>
>   ```bash
>   cargo run
>   ```

<br/>

## Now Finished

| Project                                                      | Date       | Note                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [chapter2-guessing-game](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter2-guessing-game) | 2021-06-01 | A guessing game                                              |
| [chapter3-variables](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter3-variables) | 2021-06-02 | Variable & Type in Rust                                      |
| [multiple-main-demo](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/multiple-main-demo) | 2021-06-02 | A demo to show how to run multiple main in Rust              |
| [chapter4-function](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter4-function) | 2021-06-02 | Function in Rust                                             |
| [chapter5-control-flow](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter5-control-flow) | 2021-06-02 | Control flow(if/loop/while/for) in Rust                      |
| [chapter6-ownership](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter6-ownership) | 2021-06-03 | Ownership(also string/slice) in Rust                         |
| [chapter7-struct](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter7-struct) | 2021-06-04 | Struct in Rust                                               |
| [chapter8-enum-and-match](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter8-enum-and-match) | 2021-06-07 | Enum & Match in Rust                                         |
| [chapter9-modules](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter9-modules) | 2021-06-07 | Modules(mod/pub/use/super) in Rust                           |
| [chapter10-collections](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter10-collections) | 2021-06-09 | Vector & String & Map in Rust                                |
| [chapter11-error-handling](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter11-error-handling) | 2021-06-09 | Error handling in Rust (Panic! & Result)                     |
| [chapter12-generic-trait-lifetime](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter12-generic-trait-lifetime) | 2021-06-10 | Generic & Trait & Lifetime in Rust                           |
| [chapter13-testing](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter13-testing) | 2021-06-12 | Testing(Write, Run & Organize) in Rust                       |
| [chapter14-io-project-grep](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter14-io-project-grep) | 2021-06-13 | A io project: `mini-grep` written in rust.                   |
| [chapter15-functional-features](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter15-functional-features) | 2021-06-14 | Functional features(Closure & Iterator) in rust.             |
| [chapter16-cargo](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter16-cargo) | 2021-06-15 | Cargo(Config, Publish, Install & Extend) & Workspace in rust. |
| [chapter17-smart-pointer](https://github.com/JasonkayZK/rust-learn/tree/chapter17-smart-pointer) | 2021-09-29 | Smart Pointer in Rust(Within double-linked-list accomplishment).                                       |
|                                                              |            |                                                              |

<br/>

## More Info

-   https://rust.cc/
-   https://wiki.rust-china.org/
